welcome from berlin about the before the g
7 have a 5 5 inch screen
and of course already 13 camera rear 5
megapixel camera front and only 92 euro
Price for a nice device
with such a 64 bit processor of
qualcomm the stepping 410 i have now
here for comparison a htc won m8
worried though that we have 15 o'clock and
Of course, full HD displays actually
not to compare but still both
to say with metal back or
Metal case that she had feels
Still not much better
quite so is a bit shall we say
she feels slippery anyway
better than rhine metal here from
huawei and even if the size of already
Of course 50 against 55 inches
that htc it a little bit smaller I saw
both on each other you see below
In any case, how much shorter that is
and also in the broad course the 24th
continue
and of course that too can be though
the htc has 2006 milliampere in it and
the wild 3000 billion per even as
Battery looks so good if of course
the camera focuses exactly and then
look at two times short camera
as you can see here at huawei
a little less in the picture so one
a little less of the people for it
a little brighter instream he briefly
the cameras around
we have to be self here and then here
on sell and then we see here too
she had much better wide angle
has and from above the light maybe
less disturbs the htc but
but still very good
in both of them actually being me
of course prefer htc
would
but of course that is more expensive and that
Hand of beginners has watched the
was a very short comparison of the htc
one m8 with the huawei us-cent the 74
spectator pats and flows in chamonix